Add documentation for Raster Rank algorithm (#10107)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/processing_algs/qgis/rasteranalysis.rst

  :start-after: **algorithm_code_section**
  :end-before: **end_algorithm_code_section**

.. _qgisrasterrank:

Raster rank
----------------
Performs a rank-based analysis for each pixel using overlapping input rasters.
The output rank reflects the position of a pixel's value in the sorted list of
values at that location, using the first band of each input layer.

> 

Reviewer: I wonder if we could add a `.. seealso::` here, i.e., an algorithm that does something similar or the opposite action

Parameters
..........

Basic parameters
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 20 20 20 40
   :class: longtable

   * - Label
     - Name
     - Type
     - Description
   * - **Input layer**
     - ``INPUT_RASTERS``
     - [raster]
     - Input raster layer to calculate the rank from.
   * - **Rank**
     - ``RANKS``
     - [numeric: integer] [list]

       Default: ``[1]``

>      - List of ranks to calculate for each pixel.
>        The ranks are 1-based, meaning that the first rank is 1.

Reviewer: It is not a list, but the idea is as below - feel free to reformulate)
```suggestion
     - Cells whose values match the given rank in the sorted list of cells values
       from the input rasters are kept in the output layer.
       The ranks are 1-based, meaning that the first rank is 1.
       Negative values are also supported.
```
